Document GroupedDataFrame consistency check (#2811)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/split_apply_combine.md

   3 │ Iris-virginica              6.588            2.974             5.552
                                                                1 column omitted
```

> Note that `GroupedDataFrame` is a view and therefore grouping columns of its
> parent data frame should not be mutated. In particular, if number or rows
> of the parent changes then an error is thrown when `GroupedDataFrame` is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `GroupedDataFrame` is a view: therefore 
grouping columns of its parent data frame must not be mutated, and
rows must not be added nor removed from it. If the number or rows
of the parent changes then an error is thrown when a child `GroupedDataFrame`
is used:
```

```jldoctest sac
julia> df = DataFrame(id=1:2)
2×1 DataFrame
 Row │ id
     │ Int64
─────┼───────
   1 │     1
   2 │     2

julia> gd = groupby(df, :id)
GroupedDataFrame with 2 groups based on key: id
First Group (1 row): id = 1
 Row │ id
     │ Int64
─────┼───────
   1 │     1
⋮
Last Group (1 row): id = 2
 Row │ id
     │ Int64
─────┼───────
   1 │     2

julia> push!(df, [3])
3×1 DataFrame
 Row │ id
     │ Int64
─────┼───────
   1 │     1
   2 │     2
   3 │     3

julia> gd
Error showing value of type GroupedDataFrame{DataFrame}:
ERROR: AssertionError: The current number of rows in the parent data frame is 3 and it does not match the number of rows it contained when GroupedDataFrame was created which was 2. The number of rows in the parent data frame has likely been changed unintentionally (e.g. using subset!, filter!, delete!, push!, or append! functions).
```

> Sometimes it is useful to append the rows to the source data frame of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is useful to append rows to the source data frame of a
```
